wifi: Fixes for RC1 issues (#17653)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/drivers/wifi/portable/nrf70.rst

.. nrf70_portable_wifi:

nRF Wi-Fi portable driver
#########################

> The nRF Wi-Fi portable driver implements OS agnostic code for the nRF70 FullMAC Series of devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF Wi-Fi portable driver implements OS-agnostic code for the nRF70 FullMAC Series of devices.
```

> This can be used to implement OS native drivers for the nRF70 Series devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code can be used to implement OS-native drivers for the nRF70 Series devices.
```

The Zephyr native driver implementation is located in the :file:`${ZEPHYR_BASE}/drivers/wifi/nrfwifi/` folder.

API documentation
*****************

> After the nRF Wi-Fi driver has been initialized, the application will see it as an Ethernet interface.
> To use the Ethernet interface, the application can use `Zephyr Network APIs`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the nRF Wi-Fi driver is initialized, the application recognizes it as an Ethernet interface.
To use the Ethernet interface, the application can use the `Zephyr Network APIs`_.
```

> See the :ref:`nrfx:nrf_wifi_api` to learn more about various modes of low-level API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the :ref:`nrfx:nrf_wifi_api` to learn more about various modes of the low-level API.
```
